it/unimi/di/sdp/GRPC/ExitTaxiClient.java
 it.unimi.di.sdp.GRPC.ExitTaxiClient
 it.unimi.di.sdp.GRPC.ExitTaxiClient$1
it/unimi/di/sdp/Taxi.java
 it.unimi.di.sdp.Taxi
it/unimi/di/sdp/proto/Recharge.java
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.Recharge
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.Recharge$1
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.Recharge$RechargeRequest
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.Recharge$RechargeRequest$1
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.Recharge$RechargeRequest$Builder
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.Recharge$RechargeRequestOrBuilder
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.Recharge$RechargeResponse
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.Recharge$RechargeResponse$1
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.Recharge$RechargeResponse$Builder
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.Recharge$RechargeResponseOrBuilder
it/unimi/di/sdp/Simulator/SensorBuffer.java
 it.unimi.di.sdp.Simulator.SensorBuffer
it/unimi/di/sdp/Helper/Ride.java
 it.unimi.di.sdp.Helper.Ride
it/unimi/di/sdp/Threads/StartNewRide.java
 it.unimi.di.sdp.Threads.StartNewRide
it/unimi/di/sdp/Helper/Position.java
 it.unimi.di.sdp.Helper.Position
it/unimi/di/sdp/SmartCity.java
 it.unimi.di.sdp.SmartCity
it/unimi/di/sdp/proto/ProtoRide.java
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.ProtoRide
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.ProtoRide$1
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.ProtoRide$Ride
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.ProtoRide$Ride$1
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.ProtoRide$Ride$Builder
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.ProtoRide$RideOrBuilder
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.ProtoRide$RideRequest
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.ProtoRide$RideRequest$1
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.ProtoRide$RideRequest$Builder
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.ProtoRide$RideRequestOrBuilder
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.ProtoRide$RideResponse
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.ProtoRide$RideResponse$1
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.ProtoRide$RideResponse$Builder
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.ProtoRide$RideResponseOrBuilder
it/unimi/di/sdp/Threads/PersistentRides.java
 it.unimi.di.sdp.Threads.PersistentRides
it/unimi/di/sdp/GRPC/RechargeClient.java
 it.unimi.di.sdp.GRPC.RechargeClient
 it.unimi.di.sdp.GRPC.RechargeClient$1
it/unimi/di/sdp/GRPC/RideElectionService.java
 it.unimi.di.sdp.GRPC.RideElectionService
it/unimi/di/sdp/DataStucture/AvailableQueue.java
 it.unimi.di.sdp.DataStucture.AvailableQueue
 it.unimi.di.sdp.DataStucture.AvailableQueue$1
it/unimi/di/sdp/proto/NewTaxi.java
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.NewTaxi
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.NewTaxi$1
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.NewTaxi$NewTaxiDetails
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.NewTaxi$NewTaxiDetails$1
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.NewTaxi$NewTaxiDetails$Builder
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.NewTaxi$NewTaxiDetailsOrBuilder
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.NewTaxi$TaxiResponse
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.NewTaxi$TaxiResponse$1
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.NewTaxi$TaxiResponse$Builder
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.NewTaxi$TaxiResponseOrBuilder
it/unimi/di/sdp/GRPC/FinishRechargingClient.java
 it.unimi.di.sdp.GRPC.FinishRechargingClient
 it.unimi.di.sdp.GRPC.FinishRechargingClient$1
it/unimi/di/sdp/Threads/RideMonitor.java
 it.unimi.di.sdp.Threads.RideMonitor
 it.unimi.di.sdp.Threads.RideMonitor$1
it/unimi/di/sdp/Threads/PollutionSensor.java
 it.unimi.di.sdp.Threads.PollutionSensor
it/unimi/di/sdp/Threads/StdInput.java
 it.unimi.di.sdp.Threads.StdInput
it/unimi/di/sdp/AdministrativeServer.java
 it.unimi.di.sdp.AdministrativeServer
it/unimi/di/sdp/GRPC/NewTaxiClient.java
 it.unimi.di.sdp.GRPC.NewTaxiClient
 it.unimi.di.sdp.GRPC.NewTaxiClient$1
it/unimi/di/sdp/GRPC/NewTaxiService.java
 it.unimi.di.sdp.GRPC.NewTaxiService
it/unimi/di/sdp/Threads/RemoveRideSETA.java
 it.unimi.di.sdp.Threads.RemoveRideSETA
it/unimi/di/sdp/Threads/StopSETA.java
 it.unimi.di.sdp.Threads.StopSETA
it/unimi/di/sdp/Threads/SendStatistics.java
 it.unimi.di.sdp.Threads.SendStatistics
it/unimi/di/sdp/proto/ExitServiceGrpc.java
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.ExitServiceGrpc
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.ExitServiceGrpc$1
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.ExitServiceGrpc$ExitServiceBaseDescriptorSupplier
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.ExitServiceGrpc$ExitServiceBlockingStub
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.ExitServiceGrpc$ExitServiceFileDescriptorSupplier
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.ExitServiceGrpc$ExitServiceFutureStub
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.ExitServiceGrpc$ExitServiceImplBase
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.ExitServiceGrpc$ExitServiceMethodDescriptorSupplier
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.ExitServiceGrpc$ExitServiceStub
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.ExitServiceGrpc$MethodHandlers
it/unimi/di/sdp/proto/ExitTaxi.java
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.ExitTaxi
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.ExitTaxi$1
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.ExitTaxi$ExitResponse
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.ExitTaxi$ExitResponse$1
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.ExitTaxi$ExitResponse$Builder
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.ExitTaxi$ExitResponseOrBuilder
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.ExitTaxi$TaxiDetails
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.ExitTaxi$TaxiDetails$1
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.ExitTaxi$TaxiDetails$Builder
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.ExitTaxi$TaxiDetailsOrBuilder
it/unimi/di/sdp/AdministrativeClient.java
 it.unimi.di.sdp.AdministrativeClient
it/unimi/di/sdp/Threads/StartElection.java
 it.unimi.di.sdp.Threads.StartElection
it/unimi/di/sdp/GRPC/FinishRechargingService.java
 it.unimi.di.sdp.GRPC.FinishRechargingService
it/unimi/di/sdp/Threads/AvailabilitySETA.java
 it.unimi.di.sdp.Threads.AvailabilitySETA
it/unimi/di/sdp/Threads/ExitTaxi.java
 it.unimi.di.sdp.Threads.ExitTaxi
it/unimi/di/sdp/DataStucture/ActiveRidesQueue.java
 it.unimi.di.sdp.DataStucture.ActiveRidesQueue
it/unimi/di/sdp/Helper/RestCalls.java
 it.unimi.di.sdp.Helper.RestCalls
it/unimi/di/sdp/DataStucture/RidesQueue.java
 it.unimi.di.sdp.DataStucture.RidesQueue
it/unimi/di/sdp/proto/RideServiceGrpc.java
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.RideServiceGrpc
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.RideServiceGrpc$1
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.RideServiceGrpc$MethodHandlers
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.RideServiceGrpc$RideServiceBaseDescriptorSupplier
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.RideServiceGrpc$RideServiceBlockingStub
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.RideServiceGrpc$RideServiceFileDescriptorSupplier
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.RideServiceGrpc$RideServiceFutureStub
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.RideServiceGrpc$RideServiceImplBase
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.RideServiceGrpc$RideServiceMethodDescriptorSupplier
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.RideServiceGrpc$RideServiceStub
it/unimi/di/sdp/GRPC/ExitTaxiService.java
 it.unimi.di.sdp.GRPC.ExitTaxiService
it/unimi/di/sdp/DataStucture/StatisticsBuffer.java
 it.unimi.di.sdp.DataStucture.StatisticsBuffer
it/unimi/di/sdp/Simulator/PM10Simulator.java
 it.unimi.di.sdp.Simulator.PM10Simulator
it/unimi/di/sdp/DataStucture/PersistentRidesQueue.java
 it.unimi.di.sdp.DataStucture.PersistentRidesQueue
it/unimi/di/sdp/Simulator/Measurement.java
 it.unimi.di.sdp.Simulator.Measurement
it/unimi/di/sdp/proto/FinishRechargeGrpc.java
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.FinishRechargeGrpc
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.FinishRechargeGrpc$1
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.FinishRechargeGrpc$FinishRechargeBaseDescriptorSupplier
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.FinishRechargeGrpc$FinishRechargeBlockingStub
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.FinishRechargeGrpc$FinishRechargeFileDescriptorSupplier
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.FinishRechargeGrpc$FinishRechargeFutureStub
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.FinishRechargeGrpc$FinishRechargeImplBase
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.FinishRechargeGrpc$FinishRechargeMethodDescriptorSupplier
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.FinishRechargeGrpc$FinishRechargeStub
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.FinishRechargeGrpc$MethodHandlers
it/unimi/di/sdp/DataStucture/ResponseQueue.java
 it.unimi.di.sdp.DataStucture.ResponseQueue
it/unimi/di/sdp/GRPC/RideElectionClient.java
 it.unimi.di.sdp.GRPC.RideElectionClient
 it.unimi.di.sdp.GRPC.RideElectionClient$1
it/unimi/di/sdp/DataStucture/RechargeQueue.java
 it.unimi.di.sdp.DataStucture.RechargeQueue
it/unimi/di/sdp/Helper/Statistic.java
 it.unimi.di.sdp.Helper.Statistic
it/unimi/di/sdp/DataStucture/Counter.java
 it.unimi.di.sdp.DataStucture.Counter
it/unimi/di/sdp/SETA.java
 it.unimi.di.sdp.SETA
 it.unimi.di.sdp.SETA$1
 it.unimi.di.sdp.SETA$2
it/unimi/di/sdp/proto/RechargeServiceGrpc.java
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.RechargeServiceGrpc
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.RechargeServiceGrpc$1
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.RechargeServiceGrpc$MethodHandlers
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.RechargeServiceGrpc$RechargeServiceBaseDescriptorSupplier
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.RechargeServiceGrpc$RechargeServiceBlockingStub
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.RechargeServiceGrpc$RechargeServiceFileDescriptorSupplier
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.RechargeServiceGrpc$RechargeServiceFutureStub
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.RechargeServiceGrpc$RechargeServiceImplBase
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.RechargeServiceGrpc$RechargeServiceMethodDescriptorSupplier
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.RechargeServiceGrpc$RechargeServiceStub
it/unimi/di/sdp/proto/NewTaxiServiceGrpc.java
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.NewTaxiServiceGrpc
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.NewTaxiServiceGrpc$1
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.NewTaxiServiceGrpc$MethodHandlers
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.NewTaxiServiceGrpc$NewTaxiServiceBaseDescriptorSupplier
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.NewTaxiServiceGrpc$NewTaxiServiceBlockingStub
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.NewTaxiServiceGrpc$NewTaxiServiceFileDescriptorSupplier
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.NewTaxiServiceGrpc$NewTaxiServiceFutureStub
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.NewTaxiServiceGrpc$NewTaxiServiceImplBase
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.NewTaxiServiceGrpc$NewTaxiServiceMethodDescriptorSupplier
 it.unimi.di.sdp.proto.NewTaxiServiceGrpc$NewTaxiServiceStub
it/unimi/di/sdp/Threads/Recharge.java
 it.unimi.di.sdp.Threads.Recharge
it/unimi/di/sdp/Simulator/Buffer.java
 it.unimi.di.sdp.Simulator.Buffer
it/unimi/di/sdp/Simulator/Simulator.java
 it.unimi.di.sdp.Simulator.Simulator
it/unimi/di/sdp/Threads/CommunicationWithServer.java
 it.unimi.di.sdp.Threads.CommunicationWithServer
it/unimi/di/sdp/GRPC/RechargeService.java
 it.unimi.di.sdp.GRPC.RechargeService
it/unimi/di/sdp/Threads/StartRecharging.java
 it.unimi.di.sdp.Threads.StartRecharging
it/unimi/di/sdp/Threads/GRPCServer.java
 it.unimi.di.sdp.Threads.GRPCServer
